v1.9a to v2.0a
tldr; Revamped UI, Average Graph and Icon!
01- Changed the theme for matplotlib from ''fivethirtyeight'' to 'seaborn-darkgrid'
02- Took all the Ping statistics out of one single, opaque legend and put each in their own text-box
03- Text boxes are color coded based on very simple logic:
   a. For Ping:
        - [RED] If the current ping, at any instance is less than 90% or more than 110% of the current average ping.
        - [GREEN] If within the above range.
        - [BLUE] For no change (if current ping and current avg has the same value). This should very rarely occur.
   b. For Average:
        - [RED] If the current ping is higher than current average, as this causes the average to go up.
        - [GREEN] If the current ping is lower than current average, as this causes the average to go down.
        - [BLUE] For no change (if current ping and current avg has the same value). This should very rarely occur.
04- Reposition the Radio Buttons for aesthetics.
05- Reposition and tuned the opacity of my signature on the interface.
06- Added CREATE_NO_WINDOW as a creationflag to subprocess to suppress generating a cmd window on slower machines.
    Faster machines did not show the windows because the process occurred too quickly.
07- Added an icon to display in window.
08- Added a 2nd graph line to represent average ping.

v2.0a to v2.1a (27.09.16)
tldr; Re-branding, UI improvements and Stability!
01- Fixed bug where avg_lis and xar (ltimes) were of different lengths on "random" occasions.
02- Added conversion to numpy arrays to solidify error-proof-ness.
03- Revised and reduced the number of globals initialized and called within functions.
04- Many logic enhancements.
05- The addition of the Pause/Play button to pause progress of the Pinging.
06- The addition of the Quit button - no longer have to close the window.
07- Unified the placements of text data.
08- Changed name from 'LoLPing' to 'LeagueLatency' as this is a much more unique name.
09- Updated the icon of the program so match the new name.
10- Updated and cleaned everything on Git.
11- Made the status text next to the pause/play button look seamless into the button itself.
12- Restructured parts of the code so that it makes more sense. (Addition to 04.)
13- Renamed the class 'Index' to 'button_handler', because that is essentially what it does.
14- Added alot comments! ("good enough" for now but, as always, to be continued!)
15- Added changelog from undocumented v1.9a
16- Removed step v2.1b and merge as new v2.1a because old v2.1a has been lost due to rebranding and Git cleanup.
